A drink precedes a story.
A friend’s eye is a good mirror.
A trade not properly learned is an enemy.
Always remember to forget The things that made you sad. But never forget to remember The things that made you glad.
Always remember to forget The troubles that passed away. But never forget to remember The blessings that come each day.
An Irish method for tackling problems: There comes a time when you must take the bull By the tail and face the situation squarely.
An old Irish recipe for longevity: Leave the table hungry. Leave the bed sleepy. Leave the bar thirsty.
As the big hound is, so will the pup be.
As you slide down the banister of life, May the splinters never point the wrong way.
Bless you and yours, As well as the cottage you live in. May the roof overhead be well thatched, And those inside be well matched.
Bless your little Irish heart and every other Irish part.
Do not resent growing old. Many are denied the privilege.
Every man is sociable until a cow invades his garden.
Experience is the comb that life gives a bald man.
For each petal on the shamrock This brings a wish your way Good health, good luck, and happiness For today and every day.
For the test of the heart is trouble And it always comes with years. And the smile that is worth the praises of earth Is the smile that shines through the tears.
For this home and all therein be blessed with God’s love.
God between us and all harm.
God is good, but never dance in a small boat.
Good health to you.
Good on you.
Grant me a sense of humor, Lord, The saving grace to see a joke, To win some happiness from life, And pass it on to other folk.
Happiness being a dessert so sweet, May life give you more than you can ever eat.
He who loses money, loses much; He who loses a friend loses more; And he who loses faith loses all.
Health and long life to you, Land without rent to you, A child every year to you, If you can’t go to Heaven, May you die in Ireland.
Health and long life to you.
Here’s health and prosperity, To you and all your posterity, And them that doesn’t drink with sincerity, That they be damned for all eternity.
Here’s that we may always have A clean shirt A clean conscience And a punt in our pocket.
Here’s to a fellow who smiles When life runs along like a song. And here’s to the lad who can smile When everything goes dead wrong.
Here’s to a long life and a merry one. A quick death and an easy one. A pretty girl and an honest one. A cold beer-and another one!
Here’s to our wives, And here’s to our sweethearts, May the two never meet!
Here’s to the health of your enemies’ enemies.
Here’s to you and yours And to mine and ours. And if mine and ours Ever come across to you and yours, I hope you and yours will do As much for mine and ours As mine and ours have done For you and yours!
I complained that I had no shoes Until I met a man who had no feet.
If God sends you down a stony path, May He give you strong shoes.
If I had a flower for every time I thought of you, I could walk through my garden forever.
If you do not sow in the spring, You will not reap in the autumn.
If you’re lucky enough to be Irish… You’re lucky enough!
Ireland, it’s the one place on earth That heaven has kissed With melody, mirth, And meadow and mist.
It is not a secret if it is known by three people.
It’s no use boiling your cabbage twice.
Let your heart be glad for the harvest done And may your winter be warm the whole season long.
Life is like a cup of tea, It’s all in how you make it.
Like the goodness of the five loaves and two fishes, Which God divided among the five thousand men, May the blessing of the King who so divided Be upon our share of this common meal.
Lucky stars above you, Sunshine on your way, Many friends to love you, Joy in work and play. Laughter to outweigh each care, In your heart a song, And gladness waiting everywhere All your whole life long.
May God be with you and bless you. May you see your children’s children. May you be poor in misfortune, rich in blessings. May you know nothing but happiness. From this day forward.<div class="figure_block paradeImage aligncenter size-100 wp-image-1008394"> </div>
May God give you: For every storm, a rainbow, For every tear, a smile, And or every care, a promise, And a blessing in each trial. For every problem life sends, A faithful friend to share, For every sigh, a sweet song, And an answer for each prayer.
May God grant you always… A sunbeam to warm you, A moonbeam to charm you, A sheltering angel, so nothing can harm you.
May God put luck upon you.
May all your troubles be little ones and all your little ones be trouble free.
May brooks and trees and singing hills Join in the chorus, too. And every gentle wind that blows Send happiness to you.
May green be the grass you walk on, May blue be the skies above you, That pure be the joys that surround you, May true be the hearts that love you.
May luck be your friend in whatever you do And may trouble always be a stranger to you.
May peace and plenty be the first to lift the latch to your door And happiness be your guest today and evermore.
May peace and plenty bless your world With a joy that long endures And may all life’s passing seasons Bring the best to you and yours.
May the Good Lord take a liking to you, But not too soon!
May the Irish hills caress you. May her lakes and rivers bless you. May the luck of the Irish enfold you. May the blessings of Saint Patrick behold you.
May the Lord keep you in His hand And never close His fist too tight.
May the blessings of each day Be the blessings you need most.
May the blessings of light be upon you, Light without and light within. And in all your comings and goings, May you ever have a kindly greeting From them you meet along the road.
May the dreams you hold dearest, Be those which come true, The kindness you spread, Keep returning to you.
May the embers from the open hearth warm your hands, May the sun’s rays from the Irish sky warm your face, May the children’s bright smiles warm your heart, May the everlasting love I give you warm your soul.
May the enemies of Ireland never meet a friend.
May the friendships you make, Be those which endure, And all of your grey clouds Be small ones for sure. And trusting in Him To Whom we all pray, May a song fill your heart, Every step of the way.<div class="figure_block paradeImage aligncenter size-100 wp-image-1008368"> </div>
May the grace of God’s protection And His great love abide Within your home-within the hearts Of all who dwell inside.
May the grass grow long on the road to hell for want of use.
May the hinges of our friendship never grow rusty.
May the joys of today Be those of tomorrow. The goblets of life Hold no dregs of sorrow.
May the leprechauns be near you, To spread luck along your way. And may all the Irish angels, Smile upon you St. Patrick’s Day.
May the leprechauns dance over your bed and bring you sweet dreams.
May the luck of the Irish Lead to happiest heights And the highway you travel Be lined with green lights.
May the luck of the Irish possess you. May the devil fly off with your worries. May God bless you forever and ever.
May the mist of Irish magic shorten every road And may your friends remember the favors you are owed.
May the most you wish for Be the least you get.
May the raindrops fall lightly on your brow. May the soft winds freshen your spirit. May the sunshine brighten your heart May the burdens of the day rest lightly upon you. And may God enfold you in the mantle of His love.
May the road rise up to meet you. May the wind be always at your back. May the sun shine warm upon your face, The rains fall soft upon your fields, And, until we meet again, May God hold you in the palm of His hand.
May the roof above us never fall in. And may the friends gathered below it never fall out.
May the saddest day of your future be no worse Than the happiest day of your past.
May the strength of three be in your journey.
May the winds of fortune sail you, May you sail a gentle sea. May it always be the other guy Who says this drink’s on me.
May their soul be on God’s right hand.
May there be a generation of children On the children of your children.
May those who love us love us. And those that don’t love us, May God turn their hearts. And if He doesn’t turn their hearts, May he turn their ankles, So we’ll know them by their limping.
May you always find three welcomes in life In a garden during summer, At a hearth during winter, And in the hearts of friends throughout all your years.
May you always have walls for the winds, A roof for the rain, tea beside the fire, Laughter to cheer you, those you love near you, And all your heart might desire.
May you always have work for your hands to do. May your pockets hold always a coin or two. May the sun shine bright on your windowpane. May the rainbow be certain to follow each rain. May the hand of a friend always be near you. And may God fill your heart with gladness to cheer you.
May you escape the gallows, avoid distress, And be as healthy as a trout.
May you get all your wishes but one So you always have something to strive for.
May you have love that never ends, Lots of money, and lots of friends. Health be yours, whatever you do, And may God send many blessings to you!
May you have the health to wear it.
May you have the hindsight to know where you’ve been the foresight to know where you’re going and the insight to know when you’re going too far.
May you have warm words on a cold evening, a full moon on a dark night, and a smooth road all the way to your door.
May you have: A world of wishes at your command. God and his angels close to hand. Friends and family their love impart, And Irish blessings in your heart.
May you have: No frost on your spuds, No worms on your cabbage. May your goat give plenty of milk. And if you inherit a donkey, May she be in foal.
May you live as long as you want, And never want as long as you live.
May you live long, Die happy, And rate a mansion in heaven.
May your bed be made in heaven.
May your blessings outnumber The Shamrocks that grow. And may trouble avoid you Wherever you go.
May your feet never sweat, your neighbor gives you ne’re a treat. When flowers bloom, I hope you’ll not sneeze, and may you always have someone to squeeze!<div class="figure_block paradeImage aligncenter size-100 wp-image-1008175"> </div>
May your glass be ever full. May the roof over your head be always strong. And may you be in heaven half an hour Before the devil knows you’re dead.
May your heart be warm and happy With the lilt of Irish laughter Every day in every way And forever and ever after.
May your home always be too small to hold all your friends.
May your thoughts be as glad as the shamrocks, May your heart be as light as a song, May each day bring you bright, happy hours, That stay with you all the year long.
May your troubles be as few and as far apart As my Grandmother’s teeth.
May your troubles be less and your blessings be more, And nothing but happiness come through your door.
More power to your elbow.
My Friends are the best friends Loyal, willing and able. Now let’s get to drinking! All glasses off the table!
My seven blessings on you.
Put silk on a goat, and it’s still a goat.
St. Patrick was a gentleman Who through strategy and stealth Drove all the snakes from Ireland. Here’s toasting to his health. But not too many toastings Lest you lose yourself and then Forget the good St. Patrick And see all those snakes again.
That the ten toes of your feet Might always steer you clear of misfortune.
The best way to keep loyalty in a man’s heart is to keep money in his purse.
The grace of God on you.
The man with the boots does not mind where he places his foot.
The reason the Irish are always fighting each other Is they have no other worthy opponents.
There are good ships and there are wood ships, the ships that sail the sea. But the best ships are friendships, and may they always be.
There are only two kinds of people in the world: the Irish, And those who wish they were.
There is no fireside like your own fireside.
These things, I warmly wish for you- Someone to love, some work to do, A bit of o’ sun, a bit o’ cheer. And a guardian angel always near.
Time is a great story teller.
Tis better to buy a small bouquet And give to your friend this very day, Than a bushel of roses white and red To lay on his coffin after he’s dead.
To live above with the Saints we love, Ah, that is the purest glory. To live below with the Saints we know, Ah, that is another story.
We cannot share this sorrow If we haven’t grieved a while. Nor can we feel another’s joy Until we’ve learned to smile.
When I count my blessings, I count you twice. May God bless you.
When a twig grows hard it is difficult to twist it. Every beginning is weak.
When the first light of sun, Bless you. When the long day is done, Bless you. In your smiles and your tears, Bless you. Through each day of your years, Bless you.
When the roaring flames of your love have burned down to embers, May you find that you’ve married your best friend.
When we drink, we get drunk. When we get drunk, we fall asleep. When we fall asleep, we commit no sin. When we commit no sin, we go to heaven. So, let’s all get drunk, and go to heaven!
Wishing you a pot o’ gold, And all the joy your heart can hold.
You’ve got to do your own growing, No matter how tall your grandfather was.
